= Kickstart 2008 =

Everything regarding the 2008 event (taken from the meeting of Mon 22 
Sep)

== Shopping List ==

 * Scaffolding
   * Ordered by chris, arrives 8am morning of competition
 * Netting
   * Tom/Rob - screwfix, DIY Store
 * Balls
   * Aron
 * Gaffer Tape
   * Tom/Rob - screwfix
 * Hardboard
   * Still in Tizzard, to be sorted on thursday
 * Blue Shirts
   * Everyone, get hold of them
 * Name Tags
   * Aron - Trip to asda
 * Game Materials
   * Aron - Trip to asda
 * Screws for Arena
   * In tizzard, needs sorting
 * Mince Pies, game food/props
   * Aron - Trip to asda
 * Printouts
   * Phil - +others print credits, the following must be printed:
	 * Rules document
	 * Release Forms for filming/photography
	 * Agenda (only one per table)
	 * Signup forms
	 * Signs (toilet, parking, tea/coffee)
 * Release Forms
   * Aron will email these out to schools asap.
   * On entry, students will be assigned a coloured nametag sticker to 
indicate if they have a signed release form
   * Students that do not submit a signed release form will be expected 
to sign it and return either by post or via mentors
 * Quiz Questions
   * Rob
 * Music
   * Phil 
 * Chairs & Tables
   * Aron 
 * Projectors & PA
   * Phil - via ISS
   * Phil - Enquire about network cable to access large screen in cube
 * Tea & Coffee
   * ??
 * Extension leads
   * Plenty of

== Notes on Signup Process ==
Students will arrive at the reception desk (positioned just outside the 
cube by stairs). We make a note of their name, school and assign to them 
a namebadge (with correct colour), a team number (temporary, initially, 
all students of the same school are in the same team, we worry about 
splitting them up later. We also take down the email address of each 
student. During the lunch period (or before) we assign random passwords 
to all participants and print off the details. At the end of the day, 
students collect their  username/passwords and also have a copy emailed 
to them.

== Notes on Cube setup/floorplan == 
The arena is in the centre of the room throughout the day. In the 
morning the perimeter of the arena is lined with tables and chairs. Kit 
and documents are placed ready on each of the tables. The introductory 
presentation is delivered from inside the arena using the main projector 
and the PA system. The minigame proceeds and we hold the finals in the 
arena. LUNCH. During lunch the tables are removed four presentation 
areas are prepared around the arena. Students rotate between. The rough 
layout is shown below:

[[Image(http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_ZPL7y-w_Dak/SNgtMwGAYLI/AAAAAAAAAH0/Ds-pQPtWl9Y/s1600-h/IMGP1693.JPG)]]

= TASKS: 24th =
 * Rehersal
 * Tizzard Sort
 * Put up signs
 * Prepare game kits
 * Prepare Print outs

= TASKS: 25th AM =
 * Collect from Tizzard:
   * Board
   * Pine
   * Fixings
 * Setup Reception
 * Erect scaffolding
 * Setup Projectors
 * Play music
 * Arrange chairs and tables
 * Put paperwork on tables

= TASKS: 25th PM =
 * Stuff back to Tizzard
 * Disconnect and return ISS Kit
 * Scaffold to my house
 * Pub

= TASKS: 26th =
 * Scaffold Collected

